---
layout: post
title: The Fall!
---

# A Makers Journey

Hello, I'm Charles, a maker, artist, writer, and technologist. This is my story chronicling my recovery from a very dark time in my life. I'm writing this blog to detail the hardest journey I will ever have to take. I'm doing this first and foremost for myself as a way to collect my thoughts, and have something I can reference back to when I am having a bad day. I'm bringing you along in hopes that someone who might be dealing with a dark period in their life might see this and seek out help from someone. Its never as bad it's never as bad as it seems, and all we can do is take it one day at a time and ensure that every day is better than the previous day. 

I'm going to try to update this blog daily, and it's likely not going to be very interesting to most, but I hope that this helps someone who might be feeling the same way I was.

If you are having suicidal thoughts please call the suicide prevention line at 1-800-273-8255.


### The Context  

I have been a freelance writer for most of my adult life. I've written for some very large media companies, as well as many very small media companies. I've served as the Editor in Chief at a few of them, and been nothing more than a copy writer at others. I love writing, especially writing about technology, and have just over 6,000 articles with my name in the byline across the internet. 

For the past six years and nine-months I have had the privilege of sharing my life with the most beautiful and kind-hearted woman I've ever known. She's been there for everything. She's been by my side when family members have passed away, when I founded a tech company, and when that company ultimately failed. She's been there for every minor and major event in my life for the better part of a decade. 

For most of our time together, I wrote professionally for a popular electrical engineering community that's name is a play of words on the element Silicon. I loved that job, and I made a very good living writing there. I always knew that it could disappear, but after six years of reliability, I had grown complacent, and somewhat delusional to how unstable that job actually was. The parent company had been sold off a few times, and I ignored the signs that were trying to clue me in on the fact that my time there was quickly coming to an end. 

In January of 2020, I was informed that they were cutting my billable rate by about 30% and cutting back on my assignment load as well. My normal load of 20-articles per month was reduced, and I began to freak out a little. You see, Mer and I were ready to finally begin working towards our goal of the past six-years of owning a small farm filled with alpaca, goats, sheep, and other fuzzy and furry friends. 

I had dropped Mer (name changed) off at the Airport to visit her family not even an hour prior to receiving that email. I spent the next hour driving home from the airport in tears trying to work out the best way to break the bad news to her that our plans were once again going to have to be put on hold. 

I was freaking out, but I had a small sense of relief in knowing that the landscaping company I had started a couple years earlier as a side-gig, would be able to fill that gap. Then the unthinkable happened. 


### A Virus Named COVID-19

Unless you have been living under a rock for the past year, you know what COVID-19 is, and how it has devastated the entire world. I've been one of the lucky people who have yet to contract the virus (that I know of any way) and other than some inconveniences such as mask mandates, and social distancing, not much happened around my home related to the virus.... Except for the fact that it plunged me into financial ruin, and brought on an overwhelming wave of depression and stress into my life. 

As I mentioned previously, I had a landscaping side-business, and had now transitioned it to a full time thing. I bought advertising on Facebook, Google, Next-Door, etc. I purchased an extra couple pieces of equipment in hopes that if a essential tool broke, I would not have any downtime. My Badboy brand zero-turn mower was just a year old, and had little hours on it and I never expected it to break down as I specifically purchased it for its durability and great reviews. 

As you can guess, on the very first day of mowing season the mower broke down. Not only did it break down, but the engine seized up, and was unrepairable. $1900 later, and the mower was once again working. Unfortunately this is also when COVID began its swift process of shutting my business down. Business was looking good, but as the first lock-downs were being announced, the calls for mowing service stopped coming in, and my existing clients began calling to cancel service not long after. 

By the time May was over I had just two clients left, and those two properties alone were not even enough to cover the overhead it would take to drive to their locations, much less pay for the fuel and other consumables required to do the job the right way. 

I panicked again, and canceled those two remaining clients, and began looking for any writing gig I could find, and other than one or two small copy-writing one-offs, I came up with nothing no matter how long I searched, or how many jobs I applied for. Recruiters weren't responding either.  This is where it all begin to fall apart. 


### The Darkness

While I didn't know it at the time, I had fallen into a deep depression. I was staying up until three or four AM every morning, and sleeping until noon or later every day. When someone would knock on my front door, I would ignore it, and just wait for them to go away. I kept in touch with a few very close friends, but did my best to put on a front that made everyone think I was ok.I wasn't. 

To top all of this off, the political climate in the US was catching ablaze, and the rhetoric and bullshit from all sides was growing to a fever-pitch that had me scared, anxious, and angry most of my waking day. I began arguing with random strangers on the internet, then it cascaded over into my friends, and culminated with almost weekly arguments at home with Mer over politics, money issues, and just a bunch of bullshit in general. As 2020 came to a close, we were arguing more than ever. We were behind on bills, our diets had suffered greatly to the lack of expendable income, and every little thing seemed to trigger me which lead to more arguments, more screaming, and more animosity. 

My mood and constant argumentative nature was beginning to take a toll on everyone around me. The few friends I had left were frustrated with me, and I had completely lost one of them who meant a great deal to me. Instead of listening to his advice and getting help, I tossed him to the side like he was a crumpled piece of paper. Other close friends were telling me to call someone and schedule a time to talk through my issues. 

Depression is one of those things that plays tricks on our minds. For months I kept telling myself that I was ok, this was just a rough patch, and I would get through it. When Mer would ask me what I was going to do to turn things around, I would come up with some excuse, and tell her that I was going to focus on my YouTube channel. I started making a lot of videos, but never could get past the planning stages. I now realize that I was too depressed to think straight enough to formulate a clear plan for those videos. 

My daily routine consisted of waking up around noon, and then laying in bed for three to four hours watching YouTube videos, which only deepened the depression. I would watch all of my favorite YouTubers spend thousands of dollars on exotic cars, houses, recreational vehicles, etc. I wanted that life, I wanted the fame, I wanted the respect that these people received from their fans. I would stare at my YouTube analytics page for hours wondering why my channel stopped growing at 5,000 subscribers, but I could never wrap my head around it. I was delusional because I was worried about subscriber growth, but I had not posted a new video in almost a year. I was the reason it wasn't growing.  This only lead to my depression deepening. 

It got to the point that I would shut myself in my home office for most of the day and night. When Mer would come home from work, we would speak for a moment, and then I was back to being a shut-in inside of my own home. Throughout this entire ordeal I had began listening to sad/depressing music, and that seemingly harmless detail was something that helped greatly to mask the depression from me. I would listen to a few songs while singing along, and for a few minutes I would feel happy, but twenty-minutes later,  I would be down in the dumps again. This lead to more music, and more mood crashes. 


### The Tipping Point

I turned 37-years old on January 13 of 2021, and had a nice meal with Mer and my mother. It was fast food, Chick-Fil-A to be exact, but it was nice, and I had no indication that my entire world was about to come crashing down. 

On January 15th, Mer came home from work, and told me she needed to talk. I knew from her tone, and watery eyes, that something was wrong, and the realization of what was about to happen hit me like a sack of bricks. I knew deep down that things were bad, but I never thought she would break up with me because when we were good together, we were great together. 

Mer broke up with me that night. To say my heart broke into a million pieces would be a drastic understatement. I collapsed in the floor of her craft room, sinking to my knees while trying to catch a breath. I was sobbing uncontrollably and was so confused that I could do nothing but cry, sob, and hyper ventilate. I spent the next hour or so begging her to stay, making promise after promise that I would change. 

For Mer, it wasn't just about me. She had become someone she was not happy with, and as someone who had always been independent and proud, she was broken to her core as well. I couldn't see it because of my own issues, and I had been relying on her to be my rock for so long that it had taken far too great of a toll on her mentally. She told me that she needed space, and time to work on herself. I hugged her, we both agreed that we love each other very much still, and she reiterated that her decision was made. 

The next day was a Saturday. Her co-workers and friends were coming over to help her move, but I asked her if we could talk first. We spent the next two hours going through the same motions as the night previous, but this time we were both exceptionally emotional. At the end, Mer stuck to her decision, and  told me that she would move forward with her plans to pack up and move out by the next day. She also reiterated her love for me, but said that she had to do this for herself. 

My heart shattered again, and that's when I made a huge mistake that I am so grateful for making. I became THAT GUY, you know, the one who airs his dirty laundry on social media. I made a post on Facebook announcing that without Mer in my life, I had no choice but to end my own life. As you might expect, this triggered a massive response from my friends and followers, just minutes later three police officers were knocking on my door. They put me in handcuffs, and marched me out of my home. My mother was there and had to watch her son being escorted out of the house in handcuffs by the police. 


### Suicide Intervention

I was put into a patrol car, and taken to the local hospital where I was promptly placed in an isolation room with a guard watching over me. I spent almost 6-hours in that room with nothing to do but think and watch old westerns on the tiny 19-inch LCD located in the corner near the ceiling. To say that I did a lot of thinking would be an understatement, and to say I made actual progress while stuck alone in my head for those six hours would be a disservice to myself. After going through the requisite drug test, and standard hospital checkup stuff, I was taken to the suicide intervention (SI) ward to be evaluated by a mental health professional. 

I actually sat in this room for almost an hour and a half before I got to speak to anyone. I'm not going into the details of the evaluation but I passed and was cleared to go home. I'm glossing over this part on purpose, because I don't want to give anyone ammo that could be used to cheat the evaluation. If you find yourself in this position, just be truthful, honest, and courteous, these people are here to help you, and while it may feel like they are against you, they only have your best interest in mind. 

The doctor told me that she knew that I could make it, and that I had to make it because so many that she sees on a daily basis don't make it. We spoke candidly for another fifteen-minutes or so with her giving me advice and encouragement before she left to get my release papers, and I was left alone to contemplate what happens next.  Shortly thereafter, I was released, and my mother picked me up and drove me home.  

Mer was waiting for me, and gave me one of the most welcome hugs that I had ever received in my entire life. It felt good, but I knew that our time together was over, at least for the time being, I had accepted that fact on the ride home. 


### The Beginning

So that's where I'm at. It's now Monday, and Mer has moved out. 3/4 of our pets went with her, and I kept my dog Lucy, and my cat Toast. I'm immensely grateful to still have both of them in my life. My mother is staying with me, and making sure I don't relapse. 

 I slept alone for the first time last night in almost a decade, and it was surreal waking up this morning and not seeing Mer's beautiful face or hearing her tell me goodbye before she left for work. I won't lie, I silently cried for a few minutes before pulling myself out of bed, and taking the first steps into my new life. 

I'm going to try to post an update to this blog every day until I feel like I have fully recovered. I'm not tracking analytics, or any visitor data on this blog, so I have no idea who's reading and following along, but I want to thank you, whoever you are. 

If you are reading this and you are depressed, or feeling like its over and nothing can fix things, I'm here to ask you to seek help. I know that it feels like you are alone, and no one understands what you are going through, but there are so many people who do. You might not think that there's anyone out there who cares, but I assure you there is someone, and likely many more than you realize. 

If you are feeling suicidal, please call a friend, call the police, the hospital, your neighbor, a family member, someone, anyone. The suicide hotline is available 24/7/365 and they can get you help. I understand that the idea of being placed in a mental health program is scary, and you might think you can carry this burden on your own, but I can tell you that from my very limited experience so far on this journey, there are so many people out there who are willing to help you carry that burden and help get you to a better place. 

If you are feeling suicidal, or even remotely thinking about it, please call the Suicide Hotline at 1-800-273-8255. They are there to help, and they understand what you are going through. 
