---
layout: post
title: Day 3 - Interviewing For A New Life
---


Quickly jumping back to last night, Mer stopped by with Bowie, and when he jumped into my arms, I broke down in tears of joy. I had my little boy back, and the feeling of joy overwhelmed me. When Lucy noticed him, her mood instantly improved and they were all over each other like old times. I sat down on my office floor and let him shower me with pupper kisses, and if I didn't know any better, I would swear that he was tying to meld his body into mine.  Mer and I talked for a few minutes about her day at work, and my day, and we spent a few minutes talking about us, before helping her round up the two remaining cats that were here. She left to go home right after.  

When she left, I thought I would be extremely emotional again, but I managed to control it somewhat, and only shed a few tears before gaining control of it.  I stayed up for a few more hours playing around with some PHP before heading to bed. Last night was the first time I had a full nights sleep without waking up every few hours since this ordeal began. Having Bowie, Lucy, and Toast laying in the bed with me helped a great deal. I did have a little cry right before I fell asleep but it was a mix of joy and sadness, which is definitely better than just sadness alone. 

I woke up this morning with my alarm, but did snooze it once before actually getting out of bed as I was just so damn comfortable for the first time in a few days. My morning routine was normal, with the exception of not having two extra cats to feed, but this morning I skipped the sausages and just scrambled three eggs. Before eating I weighed in, and this morning was an even 380.0lbs. That's 1.8bs less than yesterday! Everything else went as normal, and I finally made it to Rule #2 in Jordan Peterson's 12 Rules For Life. Once out of the shower I managed to do 36 sit-ups this time before I just couldn't do anymore. 

Just before bed last night I got an email from an open source project that is being co-sponsored by Google. The project is looking for a freelancer to write up quick profile-like snippets of the teams that are competing in the project, and apparently my name was brought up by a few different people. It's not anything that will sustain me for a long time, but it will be extra income on the side if I land this new job, which brings me to my next topic. 

Today I had a job interview with a local software development company that a close friend co-owns. He set me up for the interview, and I can not begin to express how thankful I am for this opportunity. The interview was at 2 pm, and I thought I had everything planned out, but I forgot about the need for a mask. When you work from home, and have not left the house but a handful of times since the pandemic began, you forget about things like wearing masks. Luckily I had a buff I wear when fishing, so I washed it in the sink quickly, and when I left, I placed it outside my drivers window, rolled it up to secure it. I let it flap in the wind like a flag to dry, which worked better than I expected. The lesson there, is that there is always a way to make it work, even at the literal last minute. 

The job interview was about 28 miles away, but the travel was completely interstate for 95% of the trip. I arrived 20-minutes early and was at the door waiting to be buzzed in at the T-minus 15-minutes mark. I've always strived to be 15-20 minutes early for everything, especially job interviews. 

I won't go into much detail about the interview itself, but I was pleased to realize that myself and the guy interviewing me had met previously when I owned Terror Tech. He even commented that he liked my two latest YouTube videos and that they had both appeared in his recommended feed, so that was pretty cool. We went over my programming and technical writing experience, of which the latter seemed to really impress him. We discussed roles that might be available to me, and I think we ultimately decided on a role that was a mix of support and technical documentation with some programming work tossed in when needed. 

We wrapped up the interview after a Q&A session, and I was given a tour of the offices, and got introduced to the team. One thing that really excites me about this job is that they use Raspberry Pi SBCs for so much stuff around the office, and that's right up my alley. One of the developers asked me about my Raspberry Pi experience, and he seemed quite impressed when I told him how much of the official documentation I wrote at Element14 for the Pi over the last 8-years.

With that, I left the building as was told by my interviewer that they would discuss my application and interview in the coming days and I would hear back soon. As soon as I got into my truck, I called my friend who co-owns the firm, and we discussed how it went. He told me that he was in my corner, and that if the other co-owner who interviewed me felt that it went well, I had a very good shot at getting the position. During my drive home this same friend texted me to let me know he talked to his partner and he felt that the interview went well also, and that they would be discussing things with their other two partners on Monday and I would know sometime around then. 

One other thing that happened today was a good friend who happens to be a popular woodturner agreed to promote a woodturning live stream soon if I decided to do one. I don't want to say her name here, but I'm thankful to have her as a friend. She is an immensely talented wood turner, and I have learned so much from watching her demos over the years. Ill make sure to post on Facebook if I decide to go through with the stream. 

Not much else happened tonight except for me beginning to work to nail down my nightly routine, which mainly consist of feeding the animals, letting them out side, taking 10-20 minutes to talk to a friend, and then sitting down for a few YouTube videos or a quick gaming session before heading to the bedroom to read a book and turn in for the night. I am taking a few minutes tonight to adjust prices on the things in my Etsy shop that haven't yet sold. I would really like to clear that inventory as soon as possible. 

I spoke to Mer for a few minutes tonight, mostly about the job interview and the extremely tiring and long day she had at the vet clinic. That woman works her ass off every day, and I could not be more proud of her. I've really been looking back on her drive and determination to help me find similar drive and determination in my daily life. 

That's going to wrap it up for today. I know I say this in every blog post, but I can not begin to express my gratitude for each and every one of you who read this blog, and reach out to me throughout the day. It's humbling in the best way possible, and I would not be able to make it through this with the same drive and determination I have if it weren't for you. 


### Today I'm Thankful For
Today I'm thankful for my mother. She's been by my side throughout this ordeal, and she has been that rock that held me together when my foundation has been unstable these last few days. She has lifted me up in prayer constantly, and has constantly reiterated her faith in me as well as her confidence that I can make it through this. I'm truly blessed to have a mother that cares as much as she does. If you read this, I love you momma. 


### If you are feeling suicidal, or even remotely thinking about it, please call the Suicide Hotline at 800-273-8255. They are there to help, and they understand what you are going through. 











