---
layout: post
title: Day 1
---

# Day 1:

This morning I woke up in my bed alone for the first time in almost seven years. I didn't get to see her face, or hear her voice, and while that was hard to push through, I did. I laid there for a few minutes and silently sobbed until my cat Toast, AKA Bobble Toe, hopped up on my chest and began purring.  He's pretty perceptive about when I am sad, and he always seems to cheer me up. 

Today was all about beginning to establish a new routine, and before I laid down last night, I made a short list of things I needed to do in the morning. I woke up via my alarm for the first time in almost two years, and after the previously mentioned Toast time, I got up, got dressed, and fed Toast and Lucy, my little lhasa apso that I inherited from my grandmother when she passed. 

Breakfast this morning was a keto-friendly sausage patties and scrambled eggs. I usually sit down and eat breakfast at my computer while watching a YouTube video, but this morning I decided to eat at my computer (I don't have a new dining table yet) and begin listening to Jordan Peterson's 12 Rules For Life. I listened to this book a few years ago, and have definitely wanted to revisit it for a while now. 

I carried the audio book listening session to the shower with me, and made it through the first chapter. I'm really hoping to gain more understanding, and more solace from Mr. Peterson's advice. I wanted to shave my face and cut my hair this morning, but I decided to wait until tomorrow for that as I had a lot of things I wanted to get done this morning. 

Once I settled down in my office, my first priority was to schedule a job interview, and send my resume to a local software development company that a friend is partial owner of. While my friend is not directly responsible for giving or denying me a job, I have previously met the guy who is, and he apparently remembers me, so that's a good sign. 

Another friend reached out to me today with a few suggestions about some open positions at the cyber security firm she works for. They are actually looking for a content specialist, which is right up my ally. This position is fully remote though, and I am kind of looking forward to a normal job for once. 

I also made the decision this morning to restart the landscaping business as a side-gig once again. I hope I can reclaim 10-15 of my previous customers, which is enough to keep me busy on a Saturday or Sunday this spring. I can really use the extra money this will bring in, and while it means I will have less free time for YouTube and video games, the extra income will benefit me far more in the long-term. 

I spoke with Mer via Facebook Messenger this morning, and sent her a photo of Fival, our newest cat. He spent the night here last night because neither of us could find him when she was ready to take him to her new place last night.  I also shared this blog with her, and wished her a happy and fulfilling day. It's mind-blowing to me how much sadness left my heart when she replied. I knew she was ok, and that told me that things might just be ok after all. 

I spent a few minutes replying to messages from friends who have been checking in regularly since the incident on Saturday before moving on to attempting to edit a video for a company that sponsored my YouTube channel back in November. 

One of the things on my to-do list for the day was to reach out to a couple of friends whom I had blocked, argued, or otherwise lost over the last year. Joel was the first, and was a friend who I greatly missed in my life. We disagreed last year over politics and I unfriended and blocked him in a moment of anger. To my surprise, he openly welcomed my apology, and basically told me that the past is the past, and nothing but the future is ahead of us. This was a major win for me. 

The other two people I reached out to were just as accepting and forgiving as Joel was, and once our conversations were over, I felt an immense sense of happiness wash over me. I didn't want to sit at my desk and cry, so I walked out into my workshop and and let it out for a few minutes. These were the first tears of joy shed by me in a long time. 

I didn't want to spend all day in my office, so around 4pm I went into the kitchen and rearranged my food pantry. It's been a while since either of us had done that, and it was quite therapeutic to be honest. I have way too many cans of Tomato paste by the way. 

It's not everyone's thing, but I have been praying more in these last few days than I have in the last half of my life. I won't get into that aspect of my private life too much, but it definitely helps me get through those moments when the anxiety and emotions show back up. 

The one thing I was totally not expecting was how hard the realization hit me around 5PM that Mer was not coming home today. That's been something I've looked forward to most of the time we were together. I didn't cry this time though but I came pretty damn close. Toast was chilling in my arms and partially on my desk, and this definitely helped a lot. 

I want to begin posting these blogs around 9PM that way I can get a full take of my day in, but I'm posting a little early today so that I can head to bed early tonight. I didn't sleep very well last night, mainly because my go-to blanket was not enough to keep me warm without Mer's body heat being contributed .  I'm going to add a second blanket to the mix tonight and that should solve that issue. 

I don't really have anymore plans for the rest of the evening other than playing video games with a friend for a half hour or so, and then reading a book before bed. When I did previously manage to go to bed before 2am, it was usually at the same time Mer was heading to bed. Without her here to trigger that cue for me, I have to work out a bedtime that works for me. 

If you are feeling suicidal, or even remotely thinking about it, please call the Suicide Hotline at 800-273-8255. They are there to help, and they understand what you are going through.


### Today I'm Thankful For:

I'm going to end this installment, and every installment in the future by briefly talking about something I am thankful for. 

Today I was thankful for the strength and courage that all of my friends and family have empowered me with in these last few days. I want to thank all of you who have reached out today to check on me, as well as all of you who have already began reading this blog. I appreciate each and every single one of you, and I know I would have a much harder time recovering if it weren't for all of you. 



 
